#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\usepackage[activate={true,nocompatibility},final,tracking=true,kerning=true,spacing=true,factor=1100,stretch=10,shrink=10]{microtype}\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage[usenames,dvipsnames]{xcolor}

\usepackage{graphicx}

%\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{#1}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
%  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\thepage}{\textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}{}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\thepage}{\textsc{\chaptername\ \thechapter}}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{\leftmark}{\thepage}
%  \makeheadrule{myheadings}{\textwidth}{0.4pt}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{}

\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
%     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \thechapter}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{changepage} %per cambiare la dimensione del paragrafo
\usepackage{xcolor} %per il titolo in rosso
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation
\usepackage{shapepar} %paragrafi con una certa forma
\usepackage{url}%url lunga
\renewcommand*{\parttitlefont}{\normalfont\HUGE\sffamily}

\makeatletter
\renewcommand\part{%
  \if@openright
    \cleardoublepage
  \else
    \clearpage
  \fi
  \thispagestyle{empty}%
  \if@twocolumn
    \onecolumn
    \@tempswatrue
  \else
    \@tempswafalse
  \fi
  \null\vfil
  \secdef\@part\@spart}
\makeatother
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\master significantDigits_eng.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language american
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "tgpagella" "default"
\font_sans "tgheros" "default"
\font_typewriter "tgcursor" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 11
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{
\backslash
renewcommand{
\backslash
chaptername}{}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
chapter*{Analysis and Thanks}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
renewcommand{
\backslash
chaptername}{Chapter}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
markboth{
\backslash
footnotesize
\backslash
color{NavyBlue} }{Analysis and Thanks}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{Analysis and Thanks}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I really enjoyed 
\emph on
Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality
\emph default
.
 
\emph on
\noun on
hpmor 
\emph default
\noun default
excelled in its characterization, its intricate plot, its careful phrasing
 and riddles, and in its use of dramatic tension and catharsis.
 I loved the way it took aspects of the original 
\emph on
Harry Potter
\emph default
 and extrapolated them out into a world and timeline, using reasonably pessimist
ic expectations to establish a small set of premises and then draw the logical
 conclusion.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Some of the scenes I found particularly affecting were the following:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Chapter six, where Harry talks about a childhood trauma when he felt unsafe,
 and we can feel that the author has shown us something very real and raw
 to him;
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Chapter sixteen, when Harry has his first Battle Magic class and virtually
 the whole of the story is set in motion in a compact and subtle way;
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Chapter forty-five, when the first Patronus 2.0 is cast and we read Harry's
 mental 
\emph on
cri de cœur
\emph default
; and
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Chapter eighty-one, the courtroom scene in which we learn everything we
 ever need to know about the awesome majesty of Minerva McGonagall.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When I set out to write 
\emph on
Significant Digits
\emph default
, I tried to honor everything I enjoyed and admired about 
\emph on
\noun on
hpmor
\emph default
\noun default
.
 The result is bound to be unsatisfactory for some people, because not everyone
 was fascinated by those same elements.
 Further, I was very specifically not trying to mimic the original story.
 To imitate another author's voice and recreate their patterns over an entire
 work would be very difficult and not very fun, and I had no taste for the
 attempt.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wanted to write a story about a changing world – the 
\emph on
whole
\emph default
 world – as all the ambitions of the characters played out and met their
 difficulties.
 I wanted to write a story about the realization of the rationalism and
 humanism to which Harry aspired.
 I wanted to write a story about extravagance: extravagant planning with
 layered redundancies, extravagant characters whose passion led them to
 discard the literal and logical conclusions of their own beliefs in favor
 of still-greater pursuits, and extravagant events befitting the process
 of optimizing the world.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I wanted 
\emph on
Significant Digits
\emph default
 to answer some of the questions that had lingered with me.
 These were big questions, and even in three hundred thousand words, I couldn't
 completely answer all of them – but I did answer some.
 What was it like in the larger world of 
\emph on
Harry Potter
\emph default
, outside the confines of the school? How would magic and magical races
 have shaped history and the hidden events behind them (ignoring the well-meanin
g but utterly insane history of canon)? How could the continued existence
 of this world be explained, given the elements we knew to be present?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Lastly, of course, I sought to tell a story with interesting characters
 and events that follow a rationally-unfolding plot, both at simple levels
 and in intricate mental leaps.
 There were many twists that everyone solved, some that only a few grasped,
 and a few that no one at all predicted.
 This has been an amazingly intelligent and creative group, and it was a
 considerable challenge to find the right balance.
 Congratulations are due to those individuals who guessed some of the biggest
 twists and puzzles, most particularly Reddit user /u/psinig, who identified
 the Second of the Three.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In some respects, I have succeeded.
 In others, I have failed.
 I was certainly overly ambitious, and should have given myself twice as
 long and twice as many words.
 These limitations cramped plot development, curtailed events, and required
 me to rely on implications in some regards.
 But I do believe that I accomplished much of what I wanted to create, and
 that I have done one more thing besides: left room for others.
 There are other stories to be told.
 I'll write some of them, but others have begun their own: 
\emph on
Orders of Magnitude
\emph default

\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
http://www.2pih.com/
\end_layout

\end_inset

 is a prequel that's already begun.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There's a whole big world to play in.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There's a lot I would change now, even though I'm pretty happy with the
 story.
 It's my first work of this length, and my first work of serial fiction,
 and naturally there are all kinds of changes I would make in hindsight.
 I became a better writer over the course of this past year, and a more
 critical thinker.
 I should probably have cut back on some of the secondary storylines, in
 retrospect, since I didn't have time or room to do them justice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There is one chapter, though, that I would not change and that I am utterly
 happy with – a chapter in which I did every little thing I wanted to do,
 and yet somehow arrived at something that was even more than the sum of
 all those parts.
 Chapter Fourteen, Azkaban, is everything for which I have aimed, and will
 continue to aim in my fiction.
 I can recommend that chapter to you, at the least, with a full and proud
 and happy heart.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As for the rest, that's for you to decide.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gratitude is due to many people.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Writing the story would have been quite literally impossible if it weren't
 for the extraordinary efforts of 4t0m, go_on_without_me, pa55word, and
 a final editor who wishes to go unnamed.
 Their tireless willingness to sweat the small stuff despite unreasonably
 short deadlines, challenge poor phrasing or poor ideas, and cheer on our
 joint successes was extraordinary.
 This was their story and their accomplishment, too.
 Thank you all.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Readers and commenters have provided an enormous amount of support and construct
ive criticism, both of which have helped me improve as the story continued.
 I have been writing for a long time, but this is the first thing that's
 ever gotten this kind of response, and a large part of that was that the
 community of 
\emph on
\noun on
hpmor
\emph default
\noun default
 fans is so creative and clever and kind.
 Amazing individuals improved my website, fixed up the subreddit, donated
 a laptop when I complained about a green tint on my screen (!), and put
 together 
\noun on
pdf
\noun default
 and 
\noun on
epub
\noun default
 versions of the text.
 Thank you all.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Generous patrons on Patreon provided a real reason to keep going when things
 were hard.
 While I frequently remind people to consider their priorities before donating
 to a writer, it's also true that money is the unit of caring.
 Patronage provided a message of support and very real assistance that could
 not be explained away as courtesy or indifferent politeness.
 Thank you all.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Eliezer Yudkowksy wrote something genuinely new and good, and inspired legions.
 And I certainly wouldn't have begun the story at all if it hadn't been
 for his gentle encouragement and reception when I first posted a snapshot
 of my ideas.
 Thank you.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Nothing would have been possible, or worthwhile, if it hadn't been for my
 wife Lizzie.
 She walked with me in the woods while I talked about ideas.
 She proofread all the early chapters.
 She took the cover picture.
 I know that there is some ineluctable grace in this world, because I know
 her.
 Thank you.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My next story will be the 
\emph on
The Consolation of Conquest
\emph default
.
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
http://www.anarchyishyperbole.com/p/conquest.html
\end_layout

\end_inset

 It will begin in about a month, and updates will come at a more reasonable
 fortnightly basis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Thank you.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
