#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass memoir
\begin_preamble
\usepackage[activate={true,nocompatibility},final,tracking=true,kerning=true,spacing=true,factor=1100,stretch=10,shrink=10]{microtype}\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{graphicx}

%\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{\textsc{#1}}{} }
\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{ \markboth{#1}{} }
\makepagestyle{myheadings}
%  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\thepage}{\textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}{}
  \makeevenhead{myheadings}{\thepage}{\textsc{\chaptername\ \thechapter}}{}
  \makeoddhead{myheadings}{}{\leftmark}{\thepage}
%  \makeheadrule{myheadings}{\textwidth}{0.4pt}
  \makeevenfoot{myheadings}{}{}{}
  \makeoddfoot{myheadings}{}{}{}

\makechapterstyle{hpmor}{%
  \chapterstyle{default}
  \renewcommand*{\chapterheadstart}{}
  \renewcommand*{\chapnumfont}{\normalfont}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptername}{%
%     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \Numberstringnum{\thechapter}}}}
     \centerline{\chapnumfont \textsc{\chaptername\ \thechapter}}}
  \renewcommand*{\chapternamenum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternum}{}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchapternum}{%
    \par\centerline{\parbox{0.5in}{\hrulefill}}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\printchapternonum}{%
    \vphantom{\chapnumfont \@chapapp 1}\par
    \parbox{0.5in}{}\par}
  \renewcommand*{\chaptitlefont}{\normalfont\LARGE\sffamily}
  \renewcommand*{\printchaptertitle}[1]{%
    \centering \chaptitlefont\textsc{##1}}}
  \renewcommand*{\afterchaptertitle}{\par\vspace\par}
\chapterstyle{hpmor}

\usepackage{fmtcount}
\usepackage{changepage} %per cambiare la dimensione del paragrafo
\usepackage{xcolor} %per il titolo in rosso
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} %per alcuni problemi di hyphenation
\usepackage{shapepar} %paragrafi con una certa forma
\usepackage{url}%url lunga
\renewcommand*{\parttitlefont}{\normalfont\HUGE\sffamily}

\makeatletter
\renewcommand\part{%
  \if@openright
    \cleardoublepage
  \else
    \clearpage
  \fi
  \thispagestyle{empty}%
  \if@twocolumn
    \onecolumn
    \@tempswatrue
  \else
    \@tempswafalse
  \fi
  \null\vfil
  \secdef\@part\@spart}
\makeatother
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\master significantDigits_eng.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language american
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman tgpagella
\font_sans tgheros
\font_typewriter tgcursor
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf true
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 11
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 6in
\paperheight 9in
\leftmargin 1.2in
\topmargin 0.85in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.2in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle myheadings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Levee
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Eventually, of course, help arrived.
 A gathered force of Russian, Chinese, American, and Korean witches and
 wizards had answered the urgent plea of Headmistress McGonagall, who had
 acted swiftly and with her usual competence to demand assistance.
 Indeed, they had sent their most elite response teams: the Boston Brahmins,
 the Siberian Rakshasa, the Jīngluò, and the Three Treasures.
 After an initial accident in the Receiving Room, it took half an hour to
 negotiate a peaceful end to rising hostility and suspicion.
 Harry’s message had stated that everyone in the Tower had been suborned
 by an intruder, and it was – unsurprisingly – difficult to prove that
 this was no longer true… especially since the visitors from around the
 world brought grim news of their own.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Muggle news services had broken into panic – in some cases, outright
 hysteria – over mass disappearances that had occurred in major cities
 around the globe.
 Thousands of people, maybe tens of thousands, had gone missing.
 Entire neighborhoods had been emptied of their populations in less than
 a day.
 The Witch-Watchers and their counterparts in other countries had passed
 on the news, of course, but few in the magical world had been able to say
 what it might mean.
 Such feats of malice were beyond the abilities of any person or persons
 yet known.
 Nothing on the scale had been done in many generations, since the era when
 magical combat between powerful wizards depended heavily on controlling
 crowds of armed Muggles with charms and threats.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Also troubling was the restive behavior of the goblins.
 It had already been apparent that all seven goblin cities had been in communica
tion with each other, and most particularly with Ackle.
 Spies and spells revealed that these Beings had gone further, and that
 a fearsome gathering of goblins had massed on the plains near Ackle, heedless
 of Muggle eyes.
 The goblin nation, encamped in their thousands, rejected all emissaries
 and inquiries and threats with cold words and armed guards.
 Magical observers could only watch them huddle amid brightly-colored canvas
 and clockwork beasts of silver, and wonder.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There were rumors and suspicions, especially after two exhausting hours
 had been spent communicating the events of the past two days and all the
 concerns that faced them.
 Communications were sent back to different Things, and responses multiplied
 by the minute.
 Grindelwald’s cell had been examined, and the shackles of the Abiku were
 checked, and the dark pit of Sarai’s oubliette was secured.
 But the monsters were all snug in their captivity, and worried minds turned
 to other possibilities.
 The name of Merlin was mentioned.
 Atlantis was mentioned.
 Only a few knew enough to speak of the Three, and tremble.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Some did not react well.
 A seer in Istanbul had gone mad, screaming about the return of the Dökkálfr
 – sheer madness, for that grim faerie people had been gone from the earth
 for a hundred generations.
 And a Slytherin boy named Lawrence felt a cold shiver run up his spine
 as he read the late edition of 
\emph on
The Daily Prophet
\emph default
 and recognized that, once more, deathly dangerous events were building
 on the near horizon.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
And yet for all this, as Harry Potter-Evans-Verres sat in a crowded meeting
 room, surrounded by some of the most important and powerful individuals
 on the planet, drafting orders to be delivered to the Muggle Prime Minister
 and Minister of Magic Carmel N’Goma, and struggling to understand the sheer
 scale of the threat that loomed… for all this, Harry yet found himself
 wondering about Voldemort.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Where are you, Professor?
\emph default
 They could probably find him with the thaumometers, the same way they’d
 located Horcruxes.
 But Harry had lost not only the memories of where he’d hidden away Voldemort’s
 cell, he’d even lost 
\emph on
how
\emph default
 he’d hidden it away.
 Just thinking about it, he knew he’d be unable to look for the secret prison
 within the Tower… it was too dangerous for him.
 
\emph on
What sorts of traps or obfuscation did I put in place? Hermione will have
 to look for it, but will she even agree? Yes, she will, once I put her
 to imagining an endless hell of solitary confinement and sensory deprivation.
 We will have to
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

--
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Harry!” said Mafalda Hopkirk, irritably, snapping her fingers.
 The buxom head of the Unspeakables had clearly been trying to get his attention
 for some time.
 Amelia Bones and Reg Hig, standing next to her, looked almost as upset.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Sorry,” Harry said, feeling his face redden.
 He stood up from his seat at the conference table, glancing around the
 meeting room.
 No one else seemed to have noticed his distraction.
 Moody was conferring with his aides, several of the Americans and Chinese,
 and three representatives from the Muggle government; Cedric was speaking
 urgently with Hermione, the Shichinin – why did Neville have a black eye?
 – and the Koreans; a pale Umbridge was sitting silently in the corner
 while the two sfaironauts (Percy’s brother, Ron, and Basil Horton) spoke
 with Draco; and two of the Returned, Hyori and Esther, were standing watchfully
 with several aurors.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Harry turned to Hopkirk, taking a deep breath and trying to settle himself.
 “Sorry, Mafalda,” he said again.
 “It’s been a difficult couple of days.
 Where are we?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We’re in crisis,” Hopkirk replied, succinctly.
 Her smooth, commanding voice was clipped.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“While we were trapped and enslaved, the world went mad,” said Hig.
 He rubbed the end of his plum nose, sighing.
 “I have to leave almost immediately to start dealing with just the problems
 springing up in the Americas.
 Thousands of people are missing from New York, Rio de Janeiro, and Mexico
 City.
 And Van Rensselaer, Randolphs, and Hardicanute,” and Hig indicated three
 of the Boston Brahmins, “all have reports of other disturbances.
 Infierno has been breached, and twenty dark wizards and witches have escaped
 custody.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“La Boca del Infierno has been broken into?” broke in Bones, sharply.
 Without waiting for a reply, she stabbed a finger at one of Moody’s aides,
 who compliantly approached.
 “Send a team of Hit Wizards to check on Howard.
 Gecko protocol.” The aide’s face paled, and he raced away.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Our prophecy-analysts agree with the verdict of the Pool of Demand… something
 is happening, bigger than… well, bigger than anything they’ve ever seen
 or heard of,” said Hopkirk.
 She sounded calm, but her shoulders were rigid with tension.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Time is frozen,” said Moody, who approached.
 There was a grim set to his jaw.
 “Time 
\emph on
everywhere
\emph default
 is frozen.
 We tried to set some surveillance in place and begin preparations, and
 we lost two aurors.
 Bad deaths.
 Shouldn’t be possible to do that, but the second attempt was made in Japan,
 and it failed too.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I checked back in with Powis,” said Hermione, who joined the conclave,
 Cedric and Draco following.
 “Urg says he’s gotten messages from Curd, and it confirms what Cedric just
 told me.
 Thousands of goblins from all over the world have gathered in Ackle.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Apparating, though most of them only recently got wands?” said Bones, in
 surprise.
 She checked herself in a moment.
 “No, of course not… stockpiled portkeys.” She frowned, grimly.
 “And that hints at long preparation.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We knew they’d been gathering weapons,” said Harry, wearily.
 “We were going to… I don’t even know what we were going to do.
 Speak to them, I suppose.
 This isn’t a surprise, though.” He felt sick to his stomach.
 He knew that it wasn’t the right way to think about it – to think that
 they 
\emph on
owed
\emph default
 him anything, just because he’d finally begun to put an end to years of
 oppression.
 A good person stopped doing evil because it was evil, not because they
 wanted something from the victim.
 But it was still a bitter pill to swallow.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“After all we’ve done for those vile little creatures,” said Hopkirk.
 Moody and Bones nodded, their faces sour.
 Draco looked torn between smugness and horror.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Hermione frowned and glanced at Harry, but said nothing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Harry imagined all the deadly things that could be done with goblincraft
 and a little ingenuity.
 He imagined all the damage a mass mob of people could do when enchanted,
 even without magic.
 He imagined the power of ancient magic from ages past, wielded today.
 He imagined all the unknowns that might yet present themselves.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Assets,” he said, abruptly, swallowing the bile rising in his throat.
 “What are our assets?”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
They collaborated to tick them off, estimating the number of witches and
 wizards they could bring to bear in battle in different scenarios, and
 their effectiveness.
 The leaders of the Jīngluò and Rakshasa joined the group, working with
 Hig to fill in the gaps.
 Everyone lied to everyone else, omitting available artifacts and warriors
 from their accounting, but it wasn’t too long before the small group had
 an estimate of the total armed force they might be able to summon, if every
 member of the Confederation could be brought to bear.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There were perhaps a million wizards and witches in the world, with higher
 concentrations in a few places like Britain (for reasons that might best
 be described as “imperial”).
 Perhaps half of that number had more than rudimentary magical schooling,
 and an even smaller proportion could be said to be ready to fight.
 All told, an optimistic estimate of the wizards available to fight in a
 world-threatening emergency – like massed armies of Muggles or goblins
 – would be something like fifty thousand.
 The actual forces they’d probably have on hand on short notice would be
 something like a tenth of that total.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Are we moving too fast?” Cedric asked, as they reached their grim conclusions.
 “We don’t even know if the disappearances or the goblins are related to
 each other, or to Meldh’s attack here, or even if there’s going to be conflict.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“I think,” said Hermione, carefully, “that we should probably work on the
 assumption that all of the events are related in some way, even if it’s
 not the way we might think.
 We certainly shouldn’t start any accidental wars, but it’s the Three, after
 all, not the One.
 There are two more Meldhs out there, and he told Harry that there was going
 to be violence.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We should assume the worst,” said Draco with a look of gentle scorn for
 Cedric.
 “But even if wizards are outnumbered by goblins or Muggles, even if it’s
 three to one, we can win.
 As long as we know where they will strike and prepare for rapid movement,
 we’ll wipe out any attack.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Harry held up his hand and waited for the bustle to quiet down.
 He looked to Madame Bones.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Supreme Mugwump, if I might?” She nodded assent, impatiently, and Harry
 raised his voice.
 “We need to prioritize and organize.
 We need communication between decision-makers.
 We need to determine likely targets, and likely forces at our command.
 We need to try to figure out who is behind this – if it is the Three --
 and what they want.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He pointed at Moody and Hig, in turn.
 “Reg, I know you want to go home, but you need to have home brought to
 you.
 You will work with Moody and sort out our vulnerabilities… no, the 
\emph on
world
\emph default
’s vulnerabilities.
 If possible, get in touch with He Jin of the Court of Rubies, and let him
 take the lead.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Harry next turned to Draco and Bones.
 “Draco, you and Madame Bones might best work on a command structure and
 mobilizing our forces.
 Everyone you can think of, and assume some groups will betray us – either
 out of short-sighted ignorance or deliberate treachery.
 Find the Minister and Percy and ask them to help.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He turned to the remaining individuals.
 “Our friends from other countries need to assign emergency plenipotentiary
 representatives.
 Everyone else, we’ll have specific things for you to do, shortly.” He drew
 a deep breath, reaching back to pull his ponytail snug.
 “Listen, Draco is right.
 Some of you know me, but I think I can say without ego that everyone here
 knows 
\emph on
of
\emph default
 me.
 And trust me when I say that we can do this.
 Even if we’re surprised by an attack, and an enemy has local superiority,
 wizards have superior mobility and firepower in almost every direct conflict.
 Even if this is the worst-case scenario – a return to the old days we’ve
 read about in books, with armies of thousands and goblin armies wielding
 their weapons – we’ll be evenly matched with them.
 If we keep our heads about us, we can 
\emph on
do this.
\emph default
”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Many people nodded firmly, cheering at the little speech.
 Placing their faith in him.
 Some scowled or rolled their eyes.
 They needed no encouragement, or didn’t buy it.
 A few only looked angry.
 He didn’t know why.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Meldh put those of us in the Tower through hell, but we beat him.
 We beat him with our wits and our preparation.
 We can do that now, if the Three are really attacking on this scale --
 really stepping out of the shadows.
 They’re using all the powers of the old world, everything that’s always
 worked for villains like them in the days gone by.
 But we’re going to use all the powers of our new world to match them, and
 we’re going to beat them.”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Before Harry had finished speaking, an auror had appeared at the front entrance
 to the meeting room, his face shiny with sweat and filled with horror.
 Another messenger was on his heels, and she rushed to Mafalda Hopkirk.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Oh no.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“Madame Bones,” he said, his voice strained.
 “An army of Muggles has attacked the Ministry.
 It’s been evacuated and they’re holding off the enemy, but there are thousands
 of them.
 And Howard Prison has been breached.
 And there’s –”
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He was interrupted by a short shriek from Hopkirk, who was swaying where
 she stood, drunkenly, her face stricken.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
All eyes turned to her.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“The Unseelie have risen.
 The flesh-harrowers.
 The ravers.
 The sailors of the sea of teeth.
 Oh Merlin, no, no, no… to hell with Muggles and goblins, the 
\emph on
Unseelie
\emph default
 have returned to the world.” Her voice was strangled, and it was hard to
 say if it was the shock of her words or the dissolution of her normal composure
 that was the more disturbing.
 “It’s not… we can’t...
 oh, Merlin, why? You do not call up that which you cannot put down.
 We’re… we’re...” She swayed again, putting a hand on the shoulder of an adjunct,
 overcome with horror.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
“We’re all going to die,” Hopkirk whispered.
 “This whole world is going to die.”
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
